Add Stackdriver Exporter for Opencensus (#492)
GoogleCloudPlatform/agones: docs/metrics.md

### Stackdriver

We support the [OpenCensus Stackdriver exporter](https://opencensus.io/exporters/supported-exporters/go/stackdriver/). 

> In order to configure it you should enable Stackdriver Monitoring API in Google Cloud Console.

Reviewer: Let's link to the API here. Make life easy for people

> Also you can use the Prometheus Stackdriver integration by following these [instructions](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/kubernetes-engine/prometheus).

Reviewer: Does it make sense to push prom+stackdriver at the same time we are saying use the stackdriver integration directly?

Is there any value add in using both layers together? if not, let's cut this piece I think.

Author: The only reason for that is to add golang metrics, like goroutines count, however it is not necessary to configure both at the same time.

> Makefile targets `make grafana-portforward`,`make kind-grafana-portforward` and `make minikube-grafana-portforward`.

> ### Stackdriver installation

Reviewer: This will need to get moved over to the new website docs :cry:  sorry - someone was going to get bit by this.

> In order to use [Stackdriver monitoring](https://app.google.stackdriver.com) you should enable Stackdriver Monitoring API on Google Cloud Console. You need to grant all necessary permissions to the users (see [Access Control Guide](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/access-control)). Stackdriver exporter uses a strategy called Application Default Credentials (ADC) to find your application's credentials. Details could be found here [Setting Up Authentication for Server to Server Production Applications](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production).

Author: It is enabled by default but I will add this useful link

Default metrics exporter is Prometheus. In order to change it to Stackdriver update following helm parameters in [values file](../install/helm/agones/values.yaml):
```
agones:
  metrics:
    prometheusEnabled: false
    prometheusServiceDiscovery: false
    stackdriverEnabled: true
    stackdriverProjectID: ""
```

With this configuration only Stackdriver exporter would be used instead of Prometheus exporter.

> Run the following command to install Agones to a cluster with an updated configuration:

Reviewer 2: nitpick; I don't think we need to gives to command just ask to reinstall using helm.

```

> make install

Reviewer: Let's not put make commands in out user documentation if we can avoid it. Let's have explicit commands n our documentation instead.

```

Create a Fleet or a Gameserver in order to check that connection with stackdriver API is configured properly and so that you will be able to see the metrics data.

Visit [Stackdriver monitoring](https://app.google.stackdriver.com) website, select your project, or choose `Create a new Workspace` and select GCP project where your cluster resides. In [Stackdriver metrics explorer](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/charts/metrics-explorer) you should be able to find new metrics with prefix `agones/` (resource type is `Global`) after a couple of minutes. Choose the metrics you are interested in and add to a single or separate graphs. You can create multiple graphs, save them into your dashboard and use various aggregation parameters and reducers for each graph.

Example of the dashboard appearance is provided below:

![](stackdriver-metrics-dashboard.png)

> Currently there exists only manual way of configuring Stackdriver Dashboard. So it is up to you to set Alignment Period (minimal is 1 minute), group by parameter where you choose Metric label, filter parameter, etc.

Author: I reworded this paragraph a bit.

#### Troubleshooting

> If you could not see agones metrics please check the controller logs for connection errors. Check also that Stackdriver Monitoring API is enabled and user has all necessary permissions to access Stackdriver Monitoring, configure `stackdriverProjectID` manually, if default is not working.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If you can't see Agones metrics you should have a look at the controller logs for connection errors. Also ensure that your cluster has  the necessary credentials to interact with Stackdriver Monitoring. You can configure `stackdriverProjectID` manually, if the automatic discovery is not working.
```

> For example if wrong ProjectID is configured you would see such an error, same error will occure with Permissions is not configured in GCP:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Permissions problem example from controller logs:
```
